---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Notes and Reflection from CSUSM Extra Credit
categories: [markdown]
title: CSUSM Extra Credit
---

# Presenters

John - Originally from Escondido and went to community college before transferring to CSUSM \
Ashley - Originally from Palm Springs and then went to CSUSM \
Date Presented: 03/28/2023

# Clubs and Organizations
- CyberSecurity Club
- Robotics Club
- 3D printing club
- Women in STEM

# Pathways
- Physics
- Chemistry
- Software Engineering
- Electrical Engineering
- Math
- Biological Studies

# Internships
- Vital for being successful in college
- Always aim for paid internships because they are more valuable and you deserve to get paid for the work you are doing
- NETWORKING
- Go to campus events and interact with people and put yourself out there
- Google has also great resources for finding internships

# Paying for College
- First, be on top of it and it's up to you to find the resources
- Two types of loans out there: Subsidized and Unsubsidized
- Subsidized: Government pays the interest while you are in school
- Unsubsidized: You pay the interest while you are in school
- FAFSA and studentaid.gov are great resources for finding financial aid
- Scholarships are also great resources for paying for college


# Overall Thoughts and Reflection

The presentation given by two CSUSM alumni was informative and engaging. The presenters, who were also ambassadors from the university, shared their personal experiences and success stories, which made the presentation more relatable and inspiring.

The presenters also provided valuable information about CSUSM and its pathways, including the various majors available to students, such as Applied Physics, Chemistry and Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Biological Studies, Math, Computer Science, Software Engineering, and Electrical Engineering. They also talked about the various clubs and organizations available to students, including Cyber Security club, Robotics club, Women in STEM, Society of Physics Students, and National Society of Black Engineers, among others. This helped to demonstrate the various opportunities available to students at CSUSM and the various pathways they can pursue.

Furthermore, the presentation provided practical advice on how to find internships and programs, including joining clubs, checking emails, attending campus events, and using Google to search for opportunities. The presenters also emphasized the importance of avoiding unpaid internships and highlighted some paid programs, such as the Summer Scholar Program and Quantum Bridge Program. I really liked this part because it helps show to me that there are many opportunities out there and it is up to me to find them and put myself out there. In the end, it is up to me to make the most of my college experience and take advantage of the various opportunities available to me.

Finally, the presentation covered the topic of paying for college, including the two types of loans available, subsidized and unsubsidized, and the various scholarships and grants available to students. The presenters advised students to apply for FAFSA and check their student email for scholarship opportunities sent by the school or their department. I also liked this because if I want to go to college, I need to be on top of it and find the resources available to me. I need to be proactive and not wait for opportunities to come to me but instead find these opportunities.

Overall, the presentation was informative and engaging, providing valuable insights into the various opportunities available to students at CSUSM and practical advice on how to pursue their career goals. I really enjoyed the presentation and I think advice about internships was the one that resonated with me the most. Internships are a great way to learn and try out different workflows for different companies. Something I have always wanted to do and will definitely be proactive in finding them when I go to college. 